.TH powernapd 8 "9 Jun 2009" powernap "powernapd"
.SH NAME
powernapd \- configurable daemon that will run at a specified INTERVAL_SECONDS, executing powernap when all of a list of MONITORS are missing or inactive for a contiguous ABSENT_SECONDS.

.SH DESCRIPTION
powernapd will run \fBpowernap\fP(8) when none of a set of MONITORS have executed for some number of ABSENT_SECONDS.

powernapd will check for activity on each enabled monitor every INTERVAL_SECONDS.  Note that MONITORS taking less than INTERVAL_SECONDS to execute may be overlooked by powernapd.  Choose your INTERVAL_SECONDS value accordingly.  These parameters are configured in \fI/etc/powernap/config\fP.

It acts as a sort of "screensaver" for servers, watching the process table for activity, rather than the keyboard or mouse.  For instance, PowerNap can automatically "pm-suspend" a system if no instance of "kvm" runs for some contiguous block of "300" seconds, checking the process table every "1" second.

The available MONITORS are:
.TP
.B [ConsoleMonitor]
Tracks activity in any console (tty), as well as activity of any PS2 connected mouse or keyboard. Monitor enabled by default.
.TP
.B [ProcessMonitor]
Tracks activity by searching for a process regex in the Process Table.
.TP
.B [InputMonitor]
Tracks Input activity from \fI/dev/input\fP. It usually tracks keyboard and mice activity connected through USB.
.TP
.B [LoadMonitor]
Tracks system load activity given a load threshold. Monitor enabled by default, with a threshold matching the number of processors in the system.
.TP
.B [WoLMonitor]
Tracks WoL data packets received in any of the network interfaces (eth's). Monitor enabled by default to listen in ports 7 and 9.
.TP
.B [TCPMonitor]
Tracks TCP activity by checking any ESTABLISHED connection in any port, such as ssh, httpd, etc.
.TP
.B [UDPMonitor]
Tracks UDP activity by binding any specific port.
.TP
.B [IOMonitor]
Tracks Process I/O activity for a given process name, or regex.

.TP
For more information about the MONITORS, refer to \fI/etc/powernap/config\fP.
.PD

.TP
\fIhttp://launchpad.net/powernap\fP
.PD

.SH FILES
\fI/etc/powernap/action\fP, \fI/etc/powernap/config\fP, \fI/var/run/powernap.pid\fP, \fI/var/log/powernap.log\fP, \fI/var/log/powernap.err\fP

.SH SEE ALSO
\fBpgrep\fP(1), \fBpowernap\fP(8))

.SH AUTHOR
This manpage and the utility was written by Dustin Kirkland <kirkland@canonical.com> for Ubuntu systems (but may be used by others).  Permission is granted to copy, distribute and/or modify this document under the terms of the GNU General Public License, Version 3 published by the Free Software Foundation.

On Debian systems, the complete text of the GNU General Public License can be found in /usr/share/common-licenses/GPL.
