.TH powernap-action 8 "19 Jan 2010" powernap "powernap-action"
.SH NAME
powernap-action \- enable or disable scripts to run when PowerNap's ACTION METHOD is PowerSave

.SH SYNOPSIS
.BI "powernap-action [\-e|\-\-enable ACTION] [\-d|\-\-disable ACTION ] [\-l|\-\-list]"

.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B \-e|\-\-enable ACTION
Enable an ACTION script.
.TP
.B \-d|\-\-disable ACTION
Disable an ACTION script.
.TP
.B \-l|\-\-list
List available ACTIONS, with its current state (disabled or enabled). The ACTION scripts are available at \fI/etc/pm/power.d/\fP).

.SH DESCRIPTION
powernap-action will enable or disable any of the scripts available at \fI/etc/pm/power.d/\fP. These scripts are executed by \fBpm-powersave\fP when PowerNap ACTION METHOD is PowerSave. The ACTION_METHOD can be selected in \fI/etc/powernap/config\fP.

Additionally, it can also list all the available scripts in \fI/etc/p/power.d/\fP. The list will show the available script, with is enabled or disabled status, and a description of what each scripts does.

The scripts are compatible with \fBpm-utils\fP, to be able to be run with \fBpm-powersave\fP. If new scripts are added to \fI/etc/pm/power.d\fP and remain compatible to \fBpm-powersave\fp, \fBpowernap-action\fP will be able to perform the desired actions (enabled, disable, list).

You may do one of:
  1) \fBpowernap-action \-\-list\fP
  2) \fBpowernap-action \-\-enable cpu_smp_sched\fP
  3) \fBpowernap-action \-\-disable cpu_smp_sched\fP

.TP
\fIhttp://launchpad.net/powernap\fP
.PD

.SH FILES
\fI/etc/powernap/config\fP

.SH SEE ALSO
\fBpowernapd\fP(8), \fBpm-powersave\fP(1)

.SH AUTHOR
This manpage and the utility was written by Andres Rodriguez <andreserl@ubuntu.com> for Ubuntu systems (but may be used by others).  Permission is granted to copy, distribute and/or modify this document under the terms of the GNU General Public License, Version 3 published by the Free Software Foundation.

On Debian systems, the complete text of the GNU General Public License can be found in /usr/share/common-licenses/GPL.
